
*___________________________________________________________________*
|                                        |                          |
|  ###  #   # #####   The USEnet Edition | ISSUE #33                |
| #     ## ##    #  .                    |                          |
| # ##  # # #    #                       | October 24 - November 5  |
| #   # #   #    #  .    "d70 format"    |                          |
| #   # #   # #  #                       |                          |
|  ###  #   #  ##                        |                          |
|___________________________________________________________________|
*                                                                   *


All of the moves! All of the characters! All of the dirt,ONLY in GMJ!

+===================================================================+
|#     ##### ##### ##### ##### ####   F       ###  #   # #####      |
|#     #       #     #   #     #   #     T   #     ## ##    #       |
|#     ###     #     #   ###   ####   R      # ##  # # #    # C     |
|#     #       #     #   #     #  #      H   #   # #   # #  #  R    |
|##### #####   #     #   ##### #   #  O       ###  #   #  ##    E   |
|                                        E                       W  |
|                                     M                             |
+===================================================================+
** LETTER D70 ***

Hello again fellow GMJ readers.  Lots going on right now here at GMJ.
The first Electronic Print issue is finally out and we have been
overwhelmed by the response.  For those of you who just can't afford
the lengthy download, we have an extremely low price for a
subscription offer.  Check out an ad this issue for all of the
details.

The main theme the last few weeks has to be the 3DO.  Panasonic
released the $700 monster early November and it is taking off pretty
well.  We had a chance to test this money vacuum out recently and we
were pretty impressed.  Check out the Power Switch section this issue
to get all of the hands on test details for the 3DO from the Game
Masters.

You Genesis players will be happy to hear that Mortal Kombat is the
number one selling 16 bit title right now even topping the SNES
version in sales for last month.  Why? I really don't know.  The SNES
version is a much better translation.  I guess this just proves that
MK's blood and gore is what makes it.

You are really going to start to see expanded coverage starting this
issue.  We are still playing around with the formats both Ansi and
Electronic Print.  You probably noticed fact windows in our review
section in issue #32 with a few new pieces of information like megs,
who reviewed the game and average of reviews.  Adding to that, is our
hyper text capsules which will be featured next to random reviews.
These capsules will have game PREviews and tidbits of info.

Don't expect to see GMJ every week anymore, we are changing to
bi-weekly.  The reason is that we can put out a much higher quality
issue in 2 weeks and we have reached a point where it is no longer
necessary to come out weekly.  The Elec- tronic print version will
stay monthly and will come out 12+ times per year.

Those of you reading the Electronic Print version enjoyed some Super
SFII art on our cover done by my sister...I'm sorry.  I really am.  I
didn't want to do it, but Street Fighter is Street Fighter and I had
to do it.  I promise there won't be eight SFII covers with in the next
12 issues! While we are on the subject however, check out some
exclusive Super Street Fighter coverage this issue: All the moves for
every character! (and we even avoided listing those phunky character
profiles.  You know, the ones that tell you how many hours of sleep
Ryu gets before his hard training at the Dojo.)

Hey everybody, before I let you read on, let me remind you to not buy
any new systems until sometime in '95 when Nintendo will release their
recently announced 64 Bit system (which by the way GMJ reported before
ANYONE else) for under $250.....yeah right! Ok, so even if it is so
great, and it is that inexpensive, why am I going to wait until 1995?
Listen, if you are always waiting for the next best thing, you will
never own anything.  I like Sega's approach.  Give us a system when
it's ready, let us enjoy it, and release a new system when it's time.
If I had listened to Nintendo last year trying to convince me not to
buy a Sega CD because their more advanced CD would be here in early
'93 and for less, I would be pretty pissed off right now.

Well, that is it for now.  Enjoy our expanded coverage and additional
sections.

      -  Reny Falzarano  [Da Phunky Pheel One]


*___________________________________________________________________*
|                                                                   |
|  #### #   # ####  ##### ####   %    % %%%%%  %%%%  R E V I E W S  |
| #     #   # #   # #     #   #  %%   % %     %      R E V I E W S  |
| ####  #   # #   # ##    #####  % %  % %%     %%%   R E V I E W S  |
|     # #   # ####  #     # #    %  % % %         %  R E V I E W S  |
| #   # #   # #     #     #  #   %   %% %     %   %  R E V I E W S  |
|  ###   ###  #     ##### #   #  %    % %%%%%  %%%   R E V I E W S  |
|___________________________________________________________________|
*                                                                   *
HEAD-TO-HEAD: One game reviewed on two or more platforms...!
+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
|TITLE:         |PUBLISHER  |GAME TYPE: |SIZE: |GENESIS   70 \/     |
| Zombies Ate   | Konami    | Adventure |08 MEG|*****%%%%%@@@@@#####|
| My Neighbors  |           |           |      |SUPER NES 83    ^   |
|---------------+-----------+-----------+------+--------------------|
|MAIN REVIEW BY:                 OTHER REVIEWERS                    |
|                                                                   |
| The GMJ Crew            ---------- ** ---------- ** ---------- ** |
|                                                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

Just like Mortal Kombat (but with less hype), Konami's Zombies Ate My
Neighbors was released for the S-NES and Genesis on the same day, so
we here at GMJ decided to run a comparison explaining the differences
in each of the versions.  So sit back and relax, 'cause this is one
wild ride.

Both the S-Nes and Genesis versions share the same story-line; to stop
the hordes of evil from capturing your local towns occupants.  You can
choose to rush into action as either a guy that looks like a follower
of Beavis and Butthead, or a pony tail wielding woman that might be
the twin of Mindy from the tv show "Mork and Mindy".  A two player
cooperative option is available so that you're not alone in this never
ending fight to save your town.

Zombies uses a "tongue in cheek" approach to killing the baddies,
because the weapons you use include a water gun, weed whacker, fire
extinguisher, apples, and other household goodies.  You fight in over
forty levels of never ending mayhem, with some levels including a
local mall, a school, and a maze of hedges.  The enemies in this game
are too numerous to count because they all change according to the
level your playing on.  This unique approach makes the game original,
but there is no attention given to the progress of any story.  The
only real goal is to "tag" the residents of the level before a bad guy
kills them.  The residents are spread out all around the levels, and
each level ends when all the people have either been saved or killed.


S-NES version - 83

The S-NES version and Genesis versions of Zombie both sport the same
levels and the same graphics, but the S-NES uses music and sound a
whole lot more effectively, and the control is be better on this one
as well because of the more buttons used.  The title screen is the
first sign that really shows the differences; the S-Nes version has
the Zombies logo gradually morph into view, where the Genesis version
has very little morphing.  The opening music and voices are also done
better on the S-NES version.

The play mechanics and control are a lot better on the S-NES version
because it's full screen, while the Sega version has a two inch black
bar running along the entire right side of the screen.  Just being
able to see more of the screen adds to the S-NES Zombies, because you
have more time to react to the oncoming enemies.  The graphics are
also larger than those for the Sega version and playing them both
right after each other really shows which is superior.

Not only is the screen size a difference in the two Zombies, but the
music, when compared to each other, is a total blowout with the
S-NES's better sound capabilities destroying the Sega version.  Hooked
up to a stereo system, the Zombies soundtrack booms with some house
shaking bass and some of the better video game sounds on the market
being used.  Real samples of screams and explosions were used to give
a sense of realism to Zombies, while the rest of the game comes off as
a B-movie style game with many cliches being used.

Genesis version - 70

The Sega version of Zombies and I got off to a bad start; I played
Zombies on my S-NES and expected an almost identical version on the
Sega.  I was wrong.  The programmers took a shotty approach in the
making of the Sega version, and I was honestly disappointed with the
whole game.  The two inch black bar is probably the thing that stands
out most as an example of bad programming.  It takes up way to much
room on the screen, and it's only use is to show the score, weapons
left, and a mapping system which shows you where the citizens are; all
of which was done on the regular screen for the S-NES.

Bar aside, the graphics in this game are the same on both versions,
with only a slight color loss on the Sega version being the
difference.  Zombies is not compatible with the six button controller,
which would have been ideal with this type of game.  Assigning
multiple weapons to the top buttons could have added a lot to the game
play.  In the area of sound, the Sega version lacks the same
instrumental quality that the S-NES Zombies had, and the sound effects
seemed to be shorter with a scratchy digitized sound that accompanied
them.  I can understand how the music might be below the S-NES
standards, but allowing the Genesis Zombies to be plagued by a huge
bar really brought this game down.


   Here's How They Stacked Up HEAD TO HEAD :

Overall, the concept and ideas for Zombies showed a lot of originality
on both versions, and the two player option adds a lot to the
re-playability of this game.  But when put side to side, the S-NES
version really outperforms the Sega Zombies in both playability and
overall appearance.  Unlike Mortal Kombat where the Genesis version
had the blood where the S-NES one didn't, the Sega Zombies has no
superior qualities over it's S-NES counterpart, and people who are
interested in buying this game will easily pick up a copy of the Super
Nintendo version over the Sega Genesis version.


 ___________________________________________________________________
]^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^[
] Innovative Creations                                              [
] 29 David Road             +--- +  + +--+ +--+ +--- +--  +--       [
] South Carver, MA 02330    |-    ++  +--+ |-++ |-   +--+ +--+      [
] (shubert@usc.edu)         +--- +  + |    |  \ +---  --+  --+      [
] (ace@castle.com)                 |\ /| +--+ -+- |                 [
]                                  |   | |--|  |  |      EXPRESS    [
]                                  |   | |  | -+- +---     MAIL     [
]___________________________________________________________________[
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Hello all of you GMJers.  If you want to write to us letting us know
what you think of the new version, old version, how much you hate us
or love us, or have any video game questions that you hope to be
published, write to us at the addresses above.  We are trying to set
up ID's for ALL of our writers on these boards, but until we do, just
write to the ID's above.  Everyone sees every letter.  This edition of
Express Mail, we only selected letters strictly magazine related since
the theme seems to be our new version.  Since some of the questions
were really good, we thought it would be a good and simple way to
explain exactly how everything will work.  However, keep sending your
game questions and other such mail because next issue will resume
regular procedures...

*** Slow baud? No problem.
I was on Prodigy and I read some promotional letters from you guys
about the graphic version of the magazine.  I assume it is a big file
and I only have a 2400 modem.  Is there another way to get the new
version?

H. Cavelerio
Westford, Ma

{ Phunky: Just recently we decided to give away the magazine through
{ the mail in addition to the downloads.  All you have to do is write
{ us on any of our boards in which we read mail.  Give us your
{ address and we will send you the print issues monthly.

*** Win-dozer
Why is your new version only for windows? I don't have windows and I
have been with you guys almost the whole time! Now you exclude me?
THANKS A LOT!

Norman Lewis
Boston, Ma

{ Phunky:
{ Hey Norm, CALM DOWN! We reconfigured the whole project.  At first it
{ was only going to be for windows, but we found some better ways of
{ doing the mag.  Now anyone with a PC can view our mag through DOS!

*** But, you aren't EGM!
GMJ rules, don't get me wrong.  But we need some overseas coverage.  I
want to know what's coming, when it's coming and how much it's gonna
be!

Michael Watson
Boston, Ma

{ Phunky:
{ Mike, I guess you will be a very happy camper as you read the
{ upcoming issue of GMJ.  We are expanding into a full coverage
{ magazine.  Look for upcoming game lists, Japanese news, sales and
{ rental figures and a lot more!

*** Recent fan wants pictures
I've been a follower of your mag ever since issue #23, and I've seen
great improvements in both the layout and overall quality of the
reviews.  Your info is out months before the other published mags, so
I really don't have a reason to buy them anymore.  The only problem I
see is that you can't have pictures of the games online.  Other than
that, GMJ is my favorite video gaming mag on and it's free!! Keep up
the good work.

Ben Croxford
Boston, Ma

{ Phunky:
{ Well Ben, your prayers have been answered.  Starting this issue, we
{ have a monthly Electronic Print version of the Game Master Journal.
{ We have expanded coverage, full color pictures, a professional
{ layout and anything else you would find in those other $5 mags,
{ except we are free, and we will be offering even more than they
{ will, including several things that just CAN'T be done with regular
{ print versions.

.....................................................................
:WE are the only magazine that prints ALL EMAIL sent to us that is  :
:not vulgar or obscene.  So.. send your videogame hints, tips + Q's!:
:                                                                   :
:#   # #####  #   #  ###  #   # #####  ##### #   #  ###  ##### #    :
:#   # #      #   # #   # ##  #   #    #     ## ## #   #   #   #    :
:#   # ###    #   # ##### # # #   #    ###   # # # #####   #   #    :
:# # # #      # # # #   # #  ##   #    #     #   # #   #   #   #    :
: # #  #####   # #  #   # #   #   #    ##### #   # #   # ##### #####:
:                                           ........................:
:shubert@usc.edu       VOICE: 213-743-1341  :                       :
:    ace@castle.com    ExpressNET: 130@1    : ONE PERSON EACH ISSUE :
:PHUNKY1@delphi.com       WWIVnet: 130@6754 : RECEIVES a 'GMJ PACK' :
:                                           : FREE, ONLY FROM GMJ!! :
:     Software Creations: Anthony Shubert   :                       :
:...........................................:.......................:

 ___________________________________________________________________
|                                                                   |
|  ###  ##### #   # #####  ###  #####  ###   R E V I E W S          |
| #     #     ##  # #     #       #   #                             |
| # ##  ###   # # # ###    ###    #    ###     R E V I E W S        |
| #   # #     #  ## #         #   #       #                         |
|  ###  ##### #   # ##### ####  ##### ####       R E V I E W S      |
|___________________________________________________________________|

+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
|TITLE:         |PUBLISHER  |GAME TYPE: |SIZE: | AVERAGE OF REVIEWS |
| Street Fighter| Capcom    | Fighting  |24 MEG|0                 95|
| 2: Special CE |           |           |      |*****%%%%%@@@@@####-|
|---------------+-----------+-----------+------+--------------------|
|MAIN REVIEW BY:                 OTHER REVIEWERS                    |
|                                                                   |
| Da Phunky   95          Instigator 95 Mr. Mojo   98 Anderson   95 |
|                                                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

Hey SFII fans, it's renew your lease on your Genesis...AGAIN! Quite
possibly one of the most amazing feats accomplished on the Genesis so
far is the latest version of SFII from Capcom.  Every year, you think
that the good old Genny is just a little too outdated, but bang,
programming hits a new level and you keep it for another year.  Games
like SFIISCE keep Sega players happy, and the video game market going.

Judging by the name, you may think it is just the Champion Edition
standing alone, however just like on the SNES, the Turbo and Hyper
Fighting options are included.  But unlike the SNES version, the Sega
version packs a tournament option.

When you first snag this cart of the shelf and plug it in to your
Genesis, there is simply nothing that is going to fully prepare you
for what you are going to experience.  Every last animation is here,
perfectly translated to the Sega format.  Choose from any of the 12
characters in either of their snazzy uniforms (depending what mode you
are playing in).  The backgrounds amazingly enough look spectacular
even in the 64 color display.  The smooth parallax scrolling,
simulating 3D effect and the soft textured presentation of the
characters are only a small part of this flickerless phenomenon.

Anyone planning on picking this cart up, should really consider buying
one of Sega's little 6 button controllers to go with it.  Not only
does the controller give you true arcade control for a great price
($20), but it is also the best available controller on the market
priced under $40.  With the 6 button controller, this is the best
playing version of the game yet.  Too bad this game was not made
compatible with Sega's upcoming 4 player adapter, the tournament mode
would have fit so perfectly.

The tournament mode is a great opportunity for you and your buddies to
get together and find out who the real champ is.  There are 2 tourney
options.  The first one allows each person competing to select 6
different fighters to use.  Whoever wins the most matches is obviously
the winner.  This mode is great to show up those 1 dimensional players
who can only use one or two characters.  The second mode, the
Elimination Mode, allows to select from one to six characters.  You
fight one round battles and whoever defeats all their opponents first
wins.

If speed is what you need, you will be exuberantly excited to find out
that just like the SNES version, this version is actually faster than
the arcade since you can choose from a total of ten speeds (no code
necessary this version).

Ahh, there had to be one downer.  The voices.  Although the music is
pretty good the voices and sound effects were completely horrible.  A
disappointing con since we have seen a lot of great effects and sounds
on other previous Genny carts.  I assume this was all due to lack of
memory.  Even at 24 meg, they ran out of room to improve on the sound,
but that is ok because the rest of the game is near perfect.

It's finally here folks.  Many thought it would never come, but it did
and in a big way.  SFIISCE is one of the hottest carts this year on
the Genesis with amazing graphics, control and speed.  Only thing I
can say that is wrong with it besides the sound, is that it was based
on the SNES version, not the arcade.  The characters are small just
like on the SNES and they did not truly add the Turbo
backgrounds...however, this is GENESIS!

Instigator - 95
This has to make you happy.  The Genesis finally has Street Fighter
and deservedly so.  Capcom makes their first Genesis title and what a
great entrance.

Mr. Mojo Risin' - 98
Since when is a Genesis game better than the SNES version? Yup, better
is right.  The control is just too perfect.  Awesome graphics, super
fast speed and no code necessary! Turn the volume down though.

Anderson - 95

C:
What more could you ask for.  The best version of SFII yet! The new
tournament mode is great and just thinking that this is all done on
Genesis!


        Here's how they stacked up HEAD TO HEAD:

For some nitty gritty comparisons, you should check out our review
last issue of the SNES version, but here are some of the points we
came up with.

o The Genesis version is just as fast with no code needed.
o The characters are animated just as well, and graphics are just as
  spectacular.
o The SNES version has a much brighter and colorful appearance and
  that is hands down a big plus.
o The sound on the SNES version is great, the voices are ok, but the
  both the sound and voices on the Genny version rotted!
o The control was great on both versions.  With the 6 button
  controller, the Genesis version played better.  Using the 3 button
  controller, the SNES version played better.  The music was really
  good on both version, but I have to give the SNES version the edge.
o Both versions offer small characters, and unfinished backgrounds.
o The Genesis version offers a great tournament mode not found on any
  other version.


+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
|TITLE:         |PUBLISHER  |GAME TYPE: |SIZE: | AVERAGE OF REVIEWS |
| Ranger-X      | Sega      | Fighting  |      |0                88 |
|               |RATING: GA |           |      |*****%%%%%@@@@@###--|
|---------------+-----------+-----------+------+--------------------|
|MAIN REVIEW BY:                 OTHER REVIEWERS                    |
|                                                                   |
| Aquarius    85          Sr. Jnx    90 Mr. Mojo   92 ---------- ** |
|                                                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

Ranger-X represents what an older concept along with newer technology
can create and along with it a new realm in video gaming.  Space
shooters have been used time and time again, but Ranger-X from Gao (a
new Sega development team) twists the idea along with a side scrolling
shooter to make a game that is actually original in today's market.

Your character is a huge metal suited figure, equipped with a standard
blaster and a second weapon which can be switched at any time in the
game.  This second weapon has it's own power meter which drops when
it's being used.  An Ex-Up vehicle follows along behind you and can
become a part of you by standing on it and pressing down to crouch
inside the vehicle.  While on the Ex-Up you can choose what your
second weapon is from an assortment of lasers to a flame thrower.  The
Ex-Up automatically follows your character throughout the level, and
with the six button controller, you can control it by using the top
buttons.

Flying is a big part of this game as your main guy can take to the air
because of the engine hooked up to your back.  The engine is limited
to just a few seconds of flying, but with practice, hovering in one
place can make it so you're in the air for longer periods of time.
Your character and the other motorized attackers all animate very
fluidly on screen, and the amount of color and parallax scrolling on
the levels in incredible.  Each level has you going after a series of
targets that must be destroyed before going onto the boss encounter.
Some levels have you going on one set path,
